hi remember us uh-huh okay you're just
called a little while ago about needing
a signature on the admissions form well
it turns out we need a whole new one
kids huh
you see I I I put the wrong name again
kid them you're that stupid I am I'm
that stupid
yeah and I'm just gonna pay for this
with a check well you know your
insurance will cover that yeah I know
I'm just not that bright either you've
got to help me my monkey swallowed a K
get the animal out of here no you don't
understand the Animal Hospital is way
across town he's choking I don't know
what else to do
what's going on Marcel swallowed a
scrabble tile excuse me
this hospital is for people lady he is
people he has a name okay
he watches jeopardy he touches himself
and nobody's watching please please have
a heart I'll take a look at oh thank you
Michael Rachel wha
Monica Oh